Add option to remove index filename from updated imports (#29)
stringham/move-ts: README.md

## Release Notes

## 1.12.0

> Added the ability to remove the filename from index file imports. To enable set `movets.removeIndexSuffix` to `true` in User Settings.

Author: ```suggestion
Added the ability to remove the filename from index file imports. To disable set `movets.removeIndexSuffix` to `false` in User Settings.
```
